some russian friends asked me to look
into
the case of 10
young men who have been arrested
in what's being called the network case
network for a lack of a better name the
prosecutor prosecutors apparently have
made up this imaginary terrorist
organism anarchist terrorist
organization
um which is
intending they claim to create acts of
violence and unrest so as to overthrow
the government
basically what happened is there are
these 10 kids they're all people
young men in their 20s
mostly vegetarians lefties
some of them are anarchists some of them
are anti-fascists some of them are and
uh really about all they have in common
is that they are aficionados of a game
called airsoft which is kind of like
paintball uh where they run around the
forest and shoot bb guns at each other
so somehow the kgb or fsp is what they
call it now um decided these guys are
part of a secret network um and has
gotten a number of them
to confess to being part of a secret
organization planning to overthrow the
government um
pretty much every single one of them has
now claimed to have been extensively
tortured
and doctors have investigated and found
burns all over their body clear signs of
not only beatings but use systematic use
of electricity
um they almost all of them have drawn
their confessions
many of them have permanent injuries you
know they have all their teeth knocked
out
um
and none of these people aren't had been
in any way criminals are a bunch of game
players uh with vaguely leftist
sympathies
who have
been turned into this kind of phantom
terrorist organization and it's a
terrible precedent because
if this is allowed to stand i mean
people are threatened everywhere russia
is a place where they experiment with
new forms of repression which if they
work are then exported elsewhere and um
if people this obviously innocent can be
railroaded i mean they're facing a trial
on february 12 10 and uh they're up
against anywhere between six to 18 years
and maximum security hard labor right um
if these guys
can get railroaded basically based on
nothing other than
confessions extracted under torture
nobody is safe anywhere
i really think the world needs to pay
attention to things like this and do
something